Fixed broken links (#1132)
gardener/dashboard: docs/usage/project-operations.md

- You’re logged on to the Gardener Dashboard.
- You’ve created a cluster and its status is operational.

> It's recommended that you get acquainted with the resources in the [Gardener API](https://github.com/gardener/gardener/tree/master/docs/api-reference).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's recommended that you get acquainted with the resources in the [Gardener API](https://gardener.cloud/docs/gardener/api-reference/).
```

Author: Links should point to the github repository instead of the website, as pointed out [here](https://github.com/gardener/gardener/pull/4951#discussion_r744953376).
